.\" Manpage for hexahedra-server.
.\" Contact hexahedra-maintainer@gmail.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH HEXAHEDRA-SERVER 6
.SH NAME
hexahedra-server \- Hexahedra game server

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B hexahedra-server [ OPTION ... ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
The Hexahedra server hosts a multiplayer game.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-\-help
Print the command line options.
.TP
.BR \-\-version
Show version information and exit.
.TP
.BR \-\-mode=singleplayer|multiplayer
A server that runs in single-player mode will only allow one connection from
localhost.  The game client will start a new server process with this option.
The default is 'multiplayer'.
.TP
.BR \-\-max\-players=n
Limit the maximum number of players that can be connected simultaneously.
This is 10 by default.
.TP
.BR \-\-port=number
Listen on the given port number.  The default is 15556.
.TP
.BR \-\-server\-name=x
Clients will see this name when they connect.
.TP
.BR \-\-uid=username
The process will run under this user's privileges after initialisation.  The
default is 'nobody'.
.TP
.BR \-\-chroot=path
Run the server in a chroot jail.
.TP
.BR \-\-datadir=path
The path to the game assets.  The default is /usr/share/hexahedra
.TP
.BR \-\-dbdir=path
The path to the game databases.  The default is ~/.hexahedra/server_db
.TP
.BR \-\-log=0|1
Write information to a log file.  Turned on by default.  The log file can be
found in ~/.hexahedra/hexahedra-server_log.txt

.SH SEE ALSO
hexahedra(6)

.SH AUTHOR
Nocte (hexahedra-maintainer@gmail.com)

.SH WWW
http://hexahedra.net/

